Update build-for-business.md (#4560)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/design-principles/build-for-business.md

- **Decompose workloads**. Workload in this context means a discrete capability or computing task that can logically be separated from other tasks. Different workloads might have different requirements for availability, scalability, data consistency, and disaster recovery.

- **Plan for growth**. A solution might support current needs for number of users, transaction volume, and data storage, but it also needs to handle growth without major architectural changes. Also consider that your business model and business requirements might change over time. It's hard to evolve a solution for new use cases and scenarios if the application's service model and data models are too rigid.

> - **Align business model and cost**. The longevity of a system is influenced by how effectively its costs align with the business model. As an architect, you should consider profit drivers and use that insight to guide your decisions. Ideally you should identify the dimension you’re going to make money over, then make sure the architecture follows the money. This way, your profit and costs move alongside each other, you can leverage economies of scale and you can quantify the impact of the costs on your business. For instance, an e-commerce application can be designed so that an increase in orders results in higher infrastructure and operational costs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Align business model and cost**. The longevity of a system is influenced by how effectively its costs align with the business model. As an architect, you must consider value drivers and use that insight to guide your decisions. You should identify the dimension in which your solution will be providing value (such as profitability), then make sure the architecture follows the value stream. This way, your architecture can maximize value to investment, yielding a return on investment (ROI) that is aligned to business expectations.
```
